consolidate bootstrap docs (#107116)
rust-lang/rust: src/bootstrap/README.md

is bootstrapped and in general, some of the technical details of the build
system.

> Note that this README only covers internal informations, not about
> how to use the system. Please check [bootstrapping dev guide][bootstrapping-dev-guide]
> for further information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that this README only covers internal information, not how to use the tool. Please check [bootstrapping dev guide][bootstrapping-dev-guide] for further information.
```

The goal of each stage is to (a) leverage Cargo as much as possible and failing
that (b) leverage Rust as much as possible!

## Directory Layout

> This build system houses all output under the `build` directory, which looks

Reviewer: This whole section looks partially duplicated in https://rustc-dev-guide.rust-lang.org/building/bootstrapping.html#directories-and-artifacts-generated-by-bootstrap. I think we should keep it here and remove the section in the dev guide.

cc @bjorn3 , I know you've said that section has been helpful to you in the past. Maybe we can link to here from the guide.

Reviewer 2: I don't recall having said that this section was useful in the past. I do think it makes sense to deduplicate, but I'm not sure which copy should remain and where.

    # system will link (using hard links) output from stageN-{std,rustc} into
    # each of these directories.
    #
    # In theory these are working rustc sysroot directories, meaning there is

>     # no extra build output in these directories.

Reviewer: Not sure we need to mention this in the docs, but I'm hoping at some point to distinguish these "public" sysroots from the one's we're using  for bootstrap internally: https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/326414-t-infra.2Fbootstrap/topic/Performing.20.60.2E.2Fx.2Epy.20dist.60.20results.20in.20a.20broken.20compiler.20at.20.2E.2E.2E

    stage3/
```

> ## Extending rustbuild

Reviewer 3: Do you mean [this(Contributing to bootstrap)](https://rustc-dev-guide.rust-lang.org/building/bootstrapping.html#contributing-to-bootstrap) section?

> ## Extending rustbuild

Reviewer: No, this section: https://rustc-dev-guide.rust-lang.org/building/bootstrapping.html#contributing-to-bootstrap

> ## Extending rustbuild

Reviewer 3: I updated it, however I am not so sure if we should cut that part from dev guide to here. Isn't good to have such information on the dev guide? It looks pretty user-face information.

> ## Extending rustbuild

Reviewer: I don't think so? These are instructions for what to do if you're adding a new option to bootstrap, which the vast majority of people shouldn't need to do.

If you have any questions, feel free to reach out on the `#t-infra` channel in
the [Rust Zulip server][rust-zulip] or ask on internals.rust-lang.org. When

> you encounter bugs, please file issues on [Rust issue tracker][rust-issue-tracker].

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
you encounter bugs, please file issues on the [Rust issue tracker][rust-issue-tracker].
```
